Basically this a waste management system, where user, waste collector, admin, recycling center are the main feature.

I will explain one by one everything.

main theme:
    The main theme of the project is to make the waste collection system more easy and effiecient. The resident or user can request for waste collection in their portal. The request has some types like request type once daily or weekly, what type of waste like household, plastic, food waste, rrequest frequency like one time request or daily or weekly. The user will also give their location where from to collct. the request goes to the recycling center and from the recycling center & the operator of the center can see the requests for waste collection & assign waste collector to collect that. whenever a collector is assigned that request goes to the collector in the collector portal. The collector can see he has been assigned to collect that location waste. Then the collector go to collect that waste. whenever he is accepting that, status change with that in the user or resident portal that a collector has been assigned and the user can see the collector name phone number. The collctor will collect the waste and update status as collected and upload a photo of that colleciion. Collector can also chat with users if users have anything to chat. That picture is visible by the user. The admin can add collector in their system as well as recycling center. Every recycling center has a name, zone or area, waste type they would collect, their max capacity, and center status like running closed or under maintainance. Basically recycling center is zone based. In different different zone, their are different recycling center zone. There is only one admin center. The recycling center will also collect the waste history. how much waste is collected and what type is that and update that daily. And the update will change the result of weekly colleciion data.

1. when a user login into the home page if the user is admin, he can access basically everything. If the user is resident he can only access the resident portal. If the user is waste collector, he can access the collector portal only. If the user is recycling center controller he can access the recycling center.